Add ottl len converter (#24420)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

- `IsString(attributes["maybe a string"])`

### Len

`Len(target)`

> The `Len` Converter returns the length of the target string or slice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Len` Converter returns the int64 length of the target string or slice.
```

> `target` is either a `string`, slice, `pcommmon.ValueTypeStr`, or `pcommon.Value` with type `pcommon.ValueTypeStr`, or `pcommon.Slice`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`target` is either a `string`, `slice`, `map`, `pcommon.Slice`, `pcommon.Map`, or `pcommon.Value` with type `pcommon.ValueTypeStr`, `pcommon.ValueTypeSlice`, or `pcommon.ValueTypeMap`.
```
